Algorithm for the given R code:

1. Read the 'heart.csv' file using the read.csv() function and store it in a variable called 'data'.
2. Use head() function to print the first few rows of the dataset.
3. Use glimpse() function to get an overview of the dataset.
4. Use ncol() function to get the number of columns and nrow() function to get the number of rows in the dataset.
5. Use colnames() function to get the names of columns in the dataset.
6. Use summary() function to get the summary of the dataset.
7. Use the mutate() function to transform the data as follows:
	a. Convert 'sex' column to character values 'MALE' and 'FEMALE' using if_else() function.
	b. Convert 'fbs' column to character values '>120' and '<=120' using if_else() function.
	c. Convert 'exang' column to character values 'YES' and 'NO' using if_else() function.
	d. Convert 'cp' column to character values 'ATYPICAL ANGINA', 'NON-ANGINAL PAIN', and 'ASYMPTOMATIC' using if_else() function.
	e. Convert 'restecg' column to character values 'NORMAL', 'ABNORMALITY', and 'PROBABLE OR DEFINITE' using if_else() function.
	f. Convert 'slope', 'ca', and 'thal' columns to factor data types.
	g. Convert 'target' column to character values 'YES' and 'NO' using if_else() function.
	h. Convert all character columns to factor data types using mutate_if() function.
	i. Use select() function to rearrange the columns of the transformed data.
8. Use ggplot() function to create a bar graph to show the frequency of heart disease cases and non-cases in the transformed data.
9. Use prop.table() function to compute the proportions of heart disease cases and non-cases in the transformed data.
10.Use the group_by() and count() functions to count the frequency of age values in the transformed data.
11.Use filter() function to select age values with frequency greater than 10.
12.Use ggplot() function to create a bar graph to show the frequency of selected age values in the transformed data.
13.Use ggplot() function to create a boxplot to compare blood pressure across the types of chest pain.
14.Use the cor() function to compute the correlation matrix of the variables in the transformed data.
15.Use corrplot() function to create a graphical representation of the correlation matrix.
16.Use sum() function to count the number of missing values in the transformed data.
17.Use createDataPartition() function to partition the data into training and testing sets with a 70:30 split.
18.Use the train() function to train a logistic regression model on the training data and test it on the testing data.
19.Use the predict() function to make predictions using the logistic regression model and calculate the AUC and accuracy values.
20.Use the trainControl() function to set the parameters for training the SVM model.
21.Use the train() function to train an SVM model on the training data and test it on the testing data.
22.Use the predict() function to make predictions using the SVM model and calculate the AUC and accuracy values.
23.Use the randomForest() function to train a random forest model on the training data and test it on the testing data.
24.Use the predict() function to make predictions using the random forest model and calculate the AUC and accuracy values.